Your brain lies to you more often than you think. Sometimes it tells you that you're not ready or that you'll fail. So, you start comparing yourself to everyone else and suddenly you begin to doubt yourself. &gt;&gt; Believe it or not, videos like this are getting millions of views on YouTube and TikTok and many creators are making them with free AI tools. In this video, I'm going to show you how. Now, let's get started. &gt;&gt; once you log into Chat GPT, I'll put this prompt in here and basically it's going to give me a video voiceover um image to video. Click the enter button and let's watch Chat GPT do its thing, okay? Okay guys, so the next thing we want to do is go to Google and type in Google Labs Whisk. We're going to choose this one right here, all right? Once it's opened up, you're going to launch Whisk, okay? Now guys, I already have an account with Whisk, but if you didn't, you can just link it using your Gmail account or create an email account. Once you've done that, go ahead and enter two, okay? Whisk, you're going to make sure that it's 9:16 ratio, okay? At the bottom. So, now we're back in Chat GPT and we're going to copy scene one, okay? And then we're going to go right back to Whisk and right click and paste our prompt from Chat GPT, okay? This is what Whisk gave us. Um I do like it. Um if you don't like the image that they gave right here, you can easily go back down to the bottom and it'll regenerate, okay? This is what Whisk gave us. Um I do like this a little better, so I'm going to go ahead and download this image right here and this is how you download, guys. So, once again, I'm back in Chat GPT. I'm going to right click. I'm going to copy my second scene, okay? From part one. Okay, so now that I'm back in Whisk, I'm going to open this one right here, okay? I'm going to delete this part right here and I'm going to paste my second scene from Chat GPT and then I'm going to click generate, okay? I like this one, so I'm going to go ahead to the right corner and click the download button, So, once that's done, I'm going to click on this picture right here and I'm going to delete this part right here cuz I want continuation of the same character and I'm going to paste um my scene three from Chat GPT and then generate again. So guys, you would continue these steps until you have all your scenes complete for your images, okay? The next thing you want to do is go to Google, type in Grok Automation Extension. You're going to scroll down here into the Chrome Web Store and click on it, okay? Once you're on that, now I already have the extension, so you see remove extension up here, but if you didn't have the extension, you'd see a pop-up and it would say add Grok Automation and add extension, okay? So, once you do that, you're going to go up at the top for extensions, you're going to click on Grok Automation, okay? And it's going to open up, okay? And guys, once that's done, you're going to have Google open and you're going to type in Grok AI because we see over here it's telling us that this will only work if you have grok.com um open up, okay? So, once that's done, go ahead and click this at the top. So, we're going to go over here. We're going to drag this out some, okay? So, we can see it, all right? And then we're going to click on frame to video and then come down here. We're going to upload our images that we got from Be very careful, guys, when you're doing this to make sure that your photos are in the correct order, okay? It's very important. Click open, okay? And we see that it's down here, all right? Once that's done, we're going to copy all our um motion prompts for our videos. We're going to right click, okay? We're going to go right back to Grok, And we're going to right click and we're going to paste it there. You can see, guys, below um it it matched to all the scenes with the videos, okay? If you check the image and the scene, make sure it matches correctly. If it doesn't, that means you probably, you know, put the wrong image with the scene, so that you have to correct that. You scroll down to the bottom and click run, okay? Grok has completed um our our videos. Um as you can see, 10 out of 10 prompts here and here below 10 out of 10 prompts, okay? Okay guys, for the voiceover, what you're going to do is go to Google, type in Google AI Studio and then click on it. Then we're going to go to single speaker audio and then up here, guys, we're going to make sure and click on that one, okay? This is a Gemini 2.0 Flash Preview TTS. The next thing, guys, you're going to do is come down here to voice and you can choose any voice that you want to. Just click on the one. You can it'll allow you to play um the person's voice, whether it's male or female. And I'm going to choose him, okay? For my voiceover. Let's go back to Chat GPT for part three for the voiceover script, okay? When you're copying these, guys, there will be no scenes in here, the word scene and the number. Take out the scenes and the number. This is how it will look, okay? And I'm going to copy and paste it, okay? In Google AI under text, right click and under the style instructions, we're going to take out friendly and just type in motivational, okay? And then come down here and click run, okay? So, it is finished downloading and you can click play if you want to. But once you um decide that you like it, you're going to come here and download it. So, when that's done, use your editing software. I'm using CapCut. I've already um uploaded my um videos and I added the audio here. So, go ahead and download it. So guys, please remember to like, share, and subscribe. Until the next time, thrive with D'Arlene.